
1850
350

Sour Cream, Cream Cheese, Almonds
Strawberries, Carrots
Pineapple, Coffee, Lemon
Vanilla, Chocolate, Apples, Caramel, Cherry, Marshmallows, Graham Cracker, Ice Cream

Original

The One that Started it All! Our Famous Creamy Cheesecake with a Graham Cracker Crust and Sour Cream Topping.

Food Tags:  sour cream, cream cheese

Fresh Strawberry Cheesecake
The Original Topped with Glazed Fresh Strawberries. Our Most Popular Flavor for Over 35 Years!

Food Tags:  strawberries, cream cheese

Pineapple Upside-Down Cheesecake
Pineapple cheesecake between two layers of moist buttery pineapple upside-down cake.

Food Tags:  pineapple, cream cheese

Celebration Cheesecake
Layers of Vanilla Cake, Cheesecake, Strawberry, Chocolate and Vanilla Mousse with Cream Cheese Frosting.

Food Tags:  vanilla, strawberry, chocolate, cream cheese

Caramel Apple Cheesecake
Our Creamy Original Cheesecake Loaded with Caramel Apples, Topped with More Caramel on a Graham Crust.

Food Tags:  apples, caramel, cream cheese

Very Cherry Ghirardelli® Chocolate Cheesecake
Cherry Cheesecake on a Layer of Fudge Cake, Loaded with Cherries and Ghirardelli® Chocolate.

Food Tags:  cherry, chocolate, cream cheese


Godiva® Chocolate Cheesecake
Layers of Flourless Godiva Chocolate Cake, Godiva Chocolate Cheesecake and Chocolate Mousse. 
Food Tags:  chocolate, cream cheese


Oreo® Dream Extreme Cheesecake
OREO® Cookies baked in our creamy Cheesecake with layers of fudge cake and OREO® Cookie mousse. Topped with a milk chocolate icing.

Food Tags:  chocolate, cream cheese


Toasted Marshmallow S'mores Galore™
Hershey's® Cheesecake Topped with Chocolate Ganache. Finished with Toasted Housemade Marshmallow and Honey Maid® Graham Crackers.

Food Tags:  chocolate, marshmallows, graham cracker, cream cheese






Linda's Fudge Cake
Layers of Rich Chocolate Cake and Fudge Frosting.

Food Tags:  chocolate

Black-Out Cake
Our Deepest, Richest Chocolate Cake with Chocolate Chips, Finished with Almonds.

Food Tags:  cream cheese, chocolate, almonds


Carrot Cake
Deliciously Moist Layers of Carrot Cake and Our Famous Cream Cheese Icing.

Food Tags:  carrots, cream cheese

Warm Apple Crisp
Our Delicious Crispy Nutty Topping and Vanilla Ice Cream.

Food Tags:  apple, vanilla

Lemoncello Cream Torte™
Layers of Vanilla Cake and Lemon Mascarpone Cream Topped with Streusel and Served with Strawberries and Whipped Cream.

Food Tags:  vanilla, lemon, strawberries


Tiramisu
Italian Custard Made with Mascarpone, Whipped Cream, Lady Fingers, Marsala and Coffee Liqueur. Topped with Whipped Cream and Ground Chocolate.

Food Tags:  coffee, chocolate







Hot Fudge Sundae
The Best Hot Fudge Anywhere. Topped with Whipped Cream and Almonds.

Food Tags:  ice cream, chocolate, almonds

Godiva® Chocolate Brownie Sundae
Our own Fabulous Godiva Chocolate Brownie, Vanilla Ice Cream, Hot Fudge, Whipped Cream and Toasted Almonds.

Food Tags:  chocolate, vanilla, almonds





























